README.md, before:

[![Say Thanks!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfBEe5B_zo69OBk19l3hzvBmz3cOV6ol1ufjh0ER1q3-xd2Rg/viewform)

[![ScriptTiger/TorPanel](https://scripttiger.github.io/images/ACXMaster-Interface.png)](https://github.com/ScriptTiger/ACXMaster)

# ACX Master
ACX Master is a simple stand-alone ACX checker and mastering tool which can work on either single files or on multiple in a batch process. When in Check Mode, the tool is designed to check audio files against the ACX submission requirements and alert you to any conflicts. When in Master mode, the tool is designed to master and encode the final MP3 files as transparently and with the least amount of headache possible which an ACX audiobook narrator will then upload to ACX in order to pass the ACX submission requirements. However, even if you're not submitting to ACX, but just appreciate the gold standard which ACX submission requirements set for vocal dialog, such as for alternative audiobook publishers, general voice acting and narrations, voice-overs, video essays, talking head videos, podcasts, and more, ACX Master can also export to either 16 or 24-bit ALAC/M4A, FLAC, or PCM/WAV lossless audio formats to allow you to achieve the ACX gold standard no matter what your intended use is.

Features:  
- Can switch between Check mode and Master mode, to allow you to use the tool as either a stand-alone ACX checker or as a mastering tool.
- Adjustable targets for integrated loudness, loudness range, and true peak, which are achieved as transparently as possible.
- 18-band graphic equalizer.
- Optional effects to suppress noise, de-click, noise gate, generate noise (if your noise floor is too low), as well as the ability to output stereo files if desired.
- Can select one file at a time, or select multiple files at once for a batch process.
- Conformed audio can first be optionally checked to prompt you with any warnings which may still persist before being written to a file. However, if you feel confident your presets are acceptable, you can choose to disable this check to speed up the process.
- When checking audio against ACX submission requirements, properties checked are RMS, true peak, noise floor, duration, channel layout, sample rate, bit rate, and codec.
- Can export to an MP3 which meets ACX submission requirements, or can optionally export to 16 or 24-bit ALAC/M4A, FLAC, or PCM/WAV lossless audio formats.
- All of your settings can be saved to a configuration file which will be loaded at each program start.

**Download the precompiled executables for your target operating system to get started (only 64-bit platforms currently supported):**  
https://github.com/ScriptTiger/ACXMaster/releases

# More About ScriptTiger

For more ScriptTiger scripts and goodies, check out ScriptTiger's GitHub Pages website:  
https://scripttiger.github.io/

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=MZ4FH4G5XHGZ4)

Commit message:

Dropped Mac release and added Java 8 release
- To address issues with Macs, the Mac release was dropped entirely, as the Java 8 release will be easier for Mac users to set up.

README.md, after:

[![Say Thanks!](https://img.shields.io/badge/Say%20Thanks-!-1EAEDB.svg)](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfBEe5B_zo69OBk19l3hzvBmz3cOV6ol1ufjh0ER1q3-xd2Rg/viewform)

[![ScriptTiger/TorPanel](https://scripttiger.github.io/images/ACXMaster-Interface.png)](https://github.com/ScriptTiger/ACXMaster)

# ACX Master
ACX Master is a simple stand-alone ACX checker and mastering tool which can work on either single files or on multiple in a batch process. When in Check Mode, the tool is designed to check audio files against the ACX submission requirements and alert you to any conflicts. When in Master mode, the tool is designed to master and encode the final MP3 files as transparently and with the least amount of headache possible which an ACX audiobook narrator will then upload to ACX in order to pass the ACX submission requirements. However, even if you're not submitting to ACX, but just appreciate the gold standard which ACX submission requirements set for vocal dialog, such as for alternative audiobook publishers, general voice acting and narrations, voice-overs, video essays, talking head videos, podcasts, and more, ACX Master can also export to either 16 or 24-bit ALAC/M4A, FLAC, or PCM/WAV lossless audio formats to allow you to achieve the ACX gold standard no matter what your intended use is.

Features:  
- Can switch between Check mode and Master mode, to allow you to use the tool as either a stand-alone ACX checker or as a mastering tool.
- Adjustable targets for integrated loudness, loudness range, and true peak, which are achieved as transparently as possible.
- 18-band graphic equalizer.
- Optional effects to suppress noise, de-click, noise gate, generate noise (if your noise floor is too low), as well as the ability to output stereo files if desired.
- Can select one file at a time, or select multiple files at once for a batch process.
- Conformed audio can first be optionally checked to prompt you with any warnings which may still persist before being written to a file. However, if you feel confident your presets are acceptable, you can choose to disable this check to speed up the process.
- When checking audio against ACX submission requirements, properties checked are RMS, true peak, noise floor, duration, channel layout, sample rate, bit rate, and codec.
- Can export to an MP3 which meets ACX submission requirements, or can optionally export to 16 or 24-bit ALAC/M4A, FLAC, or PCM/WAV lossless audio formats.
- All of your settings can be saved to a configuration file which will be loaded at each program start.

**Download the precompiled executables for your target operating system to get started (only 64-bit platforms currently supported):**  
https://github.com/ScriptTiger/ACXMaster/releases

NOTE: It should be preferable to use the package compiled for your specific operating system, as it will be more optimized for your particular operating system and also be packaged with the latest LTS version of Java (OpenJDK), Java 21 as of writing this. However, if you do decide to use the Java 8 release, such as if you are a Mac user and don't have a package specifically for your operating system, you will need to make sure you have installed both [Java 8](https://www.java.com/download/) and FFmpeg. For Mac users, please refer to [FFmpeg's official documentation on how to install FFmpeg on Mac](https://trac.ffmpeg.org/wiki/CompilationGuide/macOS).

# More About ScriptTiger

For more ScriptTiger scripts and goodies, check out ScriptTiger's GitHub Pages website:  
https://scripttiger.github.io/

[![Donate](https://www.paypalobjects.com/en_US/i/btn/btn_donateCC_LG.gif)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=MZ4FH4G5XHGZ4)
